Hello, is this Devout Zhou?
I'm in trouble here.
You girls think you have some power
Kidnapped my children
I hope you can help me solve him.
Who is so bold
How dare you touch so many children?
It's me Yunnan
So it's his sister?
I have nothing to do with Zhengzi 8
I don't know where this guy got my phone
Now, don't get me wrong.
I'll treat you to dinner quickly
Hello, Brother Wu from Longcheng
I'm having some trouble here
There's a woman with a little power
Tied up my children
I hope you can help me solve him.
I'm Lin Lan.
Is it the eldest sister?
This has nothing to do with me
How should you deal with the people of the Zhao family?
Just don't involve me
Zhao Tianba, I advise you not to change your destiny
Even if you invite all the gods and Buddhas today
No one can save you.
OK
I don't believe it.
I still don't believe it
You can cover the sky with one hand
I must make you pay
Hmm
What to do
Let go of me I warn you mom
There are many backers behind my Zhao family
My Zhao family is the strong one
I must make you pay
Don't say you don't have the ability
Even if you are really Jiang Cheng's sky
I can also lift the sky in one sentence